Update documentation for PyPy sunsetting & Python policy (#2703)
conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io: docs/maintainer/guidelines.md

### Python

For the Python language, conda-forge aims to keep package builds active and available for [all the Python versions currently supported upstream](https://devguide.python.org/versions/).
However, the support for the oldest `3.{n}` version may be disabled a few months before it reaches its end-of-life, once migration for the `3.{n+5}rc` starts.
Whenever Python 4.0 comes out we'll need to figure out if this policy should change to support multiple versions of 3.x and 4.x simultaneously.
Fortunately, we can punt on that for now.

> The current policy can be found in [python-feedstock#794](https://github.com/conda-forge/python-feedstock/issues/794).

Author: Or perhaps "discussion"? Or "agreement"?

   - matplotlib
   - numpy
   - scipy
2. The core team can decide to keep an old version around temporarily until some specific criteria is met.

>    For example, we're holding off on turning off py36 until pypy came out with pypy3.7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For example, we held off on turning off py36 until pypy came out with pypy3.7.
```
